✨ New Rule - Do you know when to use scoped CSS? (#6880)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/scoped-css/rule.md

---
type: rule
title: Do you know when to use scoped CSS?
uri: scoped-css
authors:
  - title: Jack Reimers
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/jack-reimers

>   - title: Harry Ross
>     url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/harry-ross

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - title: Harry Ross
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/harry-ross
  - title: Matt Wicks
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/matt-wicks
```

---
type: rule
title: Do you know when to use scoped CSS?
uri: scoped-css
authors:
  - title: Jack Reimers
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/jack-reimers
  - title: Harry Ross
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/harry-ross
  - title: Matt Wicks
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/matt-wicks
created: 2023-09-29T12:00:00.000Z
guid: 16300344-d1b7-4dbe-abfa-e8b18d8f0c8d
---

> On large frontend projects with lots of components it's common to have issues with your CSS classes overwriting eachother or conflicting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On large frontend projects with lots of components it's common to have issues with your CSS classes overwriting each other or conflicting. 
```

There are a few different ways to solve this.

> 

Reviewer: maybe add a picture that demonstrates the pain
a div that says I am blue (but it is red)
underneath I can see a css file with 3k+ lines (or something else that would suggest that it would be hard to debug)
